feat: add golangci-lint (#569)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/features/creating_container.md

	}

	// Clean up the container after the test is complete

> 	t.Cleanup(func() {
> 		if err := nginxC.Terminate(ctx); err != nil {
> 			t.Fatalf("failed to terminate container: %s", err)
> 		}
> 	})

Reviewer: Consistency with https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/pull/569/commits/917e1272fc0f41ed12c98383e26fd979e4acbab2#diff-edffb4bfa07d286243effc6b5faa8e06aefa7b00670cac33feb7dc90176d8346R63
```suggestion
	// Clean up the container after the test is complete
	testcontainers.Cleanup(t, ctx, nginxC)
```

Author: see: https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/pull/569#discussion_r1016698530
